Clarify better the role of client/server transaction ID headers and their relation to EPP (#55) (#69)
SIDN/ietf-rpp-core: src/draft-wullink-rpp-core.md

All example requests assume a RPP server using HTTP version 2 is listening on the standard HTTPS port on host rpp.example. An authorization token has been provided by an out of band process and MUST be used by the client to authenticate each request.

# Mapping to EPP

> RPP is designed as an independent protocol and does not require an EPP server. RPP concepts such as transaction identifiers, result codes, and object attributes are defined in their own right and serve RPP purposes regardless of whether an EPP backend is present. Implementers with no prior EPP experience MUST be able to implement RPP based solely on this specification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RPP is designed as an independent protocol and does not require an EPP server. RPP concepts such as transaction identifiers, result codes, and object attributes are defined in their own right and serve RPP purposes regardless of whether an EPP backend is present, however compatibility with EPP is to the great extent preserved. Implementers with no prior EPP experience are be able to implement RPP based solely on this specification.
```
This is a bit of an architectural statement, so I'd remove normative language.

The server HTTP response contains a status code, headers, and MAY contain an RPP response message in the message body. HTTP headers are used to transmit additional data to the client and MAY be used to send RPP process related data to the client. HTTP headers used by RPP MUST use the "RPP-" prefix, the following response headers have been defined for RPP.

> - `RPP-Svtrid`:  A server-assigned transaction identifier. The server MUST include this header in every response. It provides a unique, server-side audit-trail reference for the processed request, independent of any EPP backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `RPP-Svtrid`:  A server-assigned transaction identifier. The server MUST include this header in every response. It provides a unique, server-side audit-trail reference for the processed request.
```
you don't need this reference in fact

Author: yes i had removed the epp reference, somehow it returned? hard to get rid of epp :-)
